Is it a bug that we create things as we go, even if the command may finally be bad 
syntax, or simply a help query?  But the alternative is to get much sophisticated, 
and pre-analyze the complete command and decide whether we'll add as we go, or 
not.
And/or, we should undo adds that were done as a result of commands with bad 
syntax, but that's likely even more difficult, since we'd have to keep a record 
of what we added.
Perhaps we can do an exploratory tree traversal, before actually executing the 
command.  In other words, because commands now have side-effects, we can't 
simply try to execute them as before, and just fail if there's something wrong. 
This won't work, because we already have executed side effects (i.e. added OWNed
components).  But how do we evaluate if a command that implicitly does an add 
is correct, if we don't actually do the add?  We'd have to say, for the rest of 
the command, "would the remainder of this command be valid if applied to an 
item filled with default data", since a new item is filled with default data.  
The only way I can think of to do that is to temporarily allocate and set to 
default a new item.  We'd have to then free the temp element as we unwound the 
stack.  This suggests an alternate implementation: allocate elements as we go, 
but if the called command-handling functions return an error, then undo the 
add. Maybe the only modification the function APIs need, is a return code. 
We'd need a way to know if getComponentItem did an add, so we could reverse it 
-- or it should not do the add, but give a return code indicating an add is 
required (and approved).  We'd still have to take care of help requests, which
should have no side-effects even if valid and successful.
Help in any case needs a re-think, since it shouldn't be necessary to provide 
an index when asking for help, so perhaps help needs to work differently to 
other commands, since it's applicable to metadata rather than actual data.
Implementing the exploratory tree traversal: should we have a bunch of check
functions to call, or instead pass a parameter to our existing tree traversal 
functions, indicating if they should execute or just check?  The dual function 
approach is cleaner, but is bound to result in some code duplication.

Strings can't contain spaces, because that's seen as a new word...

