These are rules to be observed by the application programmer creating a 
hierarchy of configurable items, or perhaps to be implemented by a code 
generator that generates the C++ code from an XML or YAML descriptor.

Different types of items:
Items that can be set via the configuration API, are read from application 
code, and are saved in NVRAM:
The application programmer selects a set function (he may also 
implement it).  He sets persistent=true.  prt and setdef functions
are optional.
If a prt option is not provided, it becomes the responsibility of the 
configuration client to keep its own copy of configuration data, since it can't 
be recovered from the device.

Items that can only be read via the configuration API, are set by application code, and 
are not saved in NVRAM, for example, statistics.
The application programmer selects a prt function (he may also 
implement it).  He sets persistent=false.  A setdef function is optional, e.g. 
to reset statistics.  A set function can be provided, but doesn't make sense.

Setdef functions are optional; if not provided allocated memory is set to 0,
but 'setdef' commands have no effect.

(xxx For statistics, would we want an atomic read-and-reset option?)

Counters are special items that keep the number of instances of an OWNed item.
If an owned array can contain more than 1 item (maxCount > 1), a counter is 
needed to keep track of the actual number of items in the array.
If maxCount == 1, the counter is optional.
xxx if the application programmer does not supply a needed counter...
xxx if application programmer does supply a setdef for a counter...
A counter should be a member of the same component as its OWNed item, but it 
could in theory be a member of any composite higher up in the hierarchy, too 
(higher up, so that it is guaranteed to exist when the OWNed item is created).
Unlike other items, they are set by the configuration manager itself, as a side 
effect of other settings made by the configuration interface client.
Recommended: No set function or setdef function should be provided, and the 
prt function is for unsigned int.
A counter's descriptor may be referenced as a component of a composite (the 
same composite that the OWNed item it counts is a member of) in its own right, 
which allows it to be printed.  Alternatively, its descriptor may be referenced 
only by the OWNed item, in which case its value can't be printed.
The size of the counter can be 1, 2 or 4 bytes.

When modifications to metadata are made in new software releases, certain
rules must be followed to allow the new software to load old config that
is still in units in the field.
 o When adding new items to a composite, use a new ID for the new item (but keep
   the same ID for the composite).  Don't use an ID that may
   still be in NVRAM in units in the field running older SW versions.
   (If you download the new software, when the unit boots it will try to load the item
   from NVRAM.  If the length is changed, the entire NVRAM config will be rejected.
   If the length is the same, the old NVRAM config is treated by the software as the new item.)
 o You can remove items from a composite without changing the composite ID.
   The software will ignore the unknown ID read from NVRAM.
 o The number of items in owned arrays can be changed.  If smaller, the
   additional entries in NVRAM are ignored.
   If the new array is bigger, the extra entries for which there's nothing in
   NVRAM are initialized to default.
 o If the max size of an owned array is decreased, the last array entries in NVRAM are ignored.
 o When the size of a simple item is changed, treat it as a new item, i.e. 
   give it a new ID, or the software will reject the entire NVRAM config as corrupt.
 o By changing the ID of an item to a new ID, you can force cfg_man to ignore currently
   configured values found in NVRAM and load defaults instead.

Using the auto-generation feature that generates the configuration .cpp and .h files from
a user-provided .yaml file that contains the metadata in an easy-to-edit format:
 o Write your .yaml file and type make (or "python xxx") to generate the .cpp and .h files.
   A .yaml ID file is also generated.  The purpose of this file is to retain the association
   between item names and the IDs saved in the device NVRAM.  Successive generations of
   software will use the same ID for existing items, and new IDs are assigned to newly added
   items by the code-generation script.
 o Modifying the ID .yaml file.  This file is generated by the script, but it can be edited
   as follows:
   - When an obsolete item (an item that's no longer in the .yaml config file) is no
     longer referenced by any software in the field,
     it can be removed from the ID .yaml file.  When new items are added to the config .yaml file,
     the script will re-use this ID for the new items.
   - When you want to change the name of an item, but want to keep compatibility xxx

   - When you want to override the default choice of an ID.  Typically this is used for the
     top-most composite item

 o Note: When an item becomes obsolete, i.e. it's no longer in the .yaml config file, do
   NOT remove it from the .yaml ID file while there are still units in the field that
   have this ID in their NVRAM.  This ensures that new added items will be assigned
   new IDs by the script, instead of re-using the ID that's still in the field.

 o The purpose of the version number saved in the ID .yaml file is xxx

Accessing managed items from your code:
Read from items that are set by cfg_man
Write to items such as statistics that cfg_man reads from but doesn't write to
Don't write to items that cfg_man writes to.
 

