- Optionally, save NVRAM not as TLV, but as text -- the same text produced on
  command "prt".
- Allow an owned array element to be identified by a name instead of an index.
- Create iterators that can iterate across item descriptors and items themselves.
- Produce quality documentation from doxygen.
- Unit tests to verify that a user's initialization of cfg_man is correct, i.e.
  it's a generic test, that verifies some things that are done in my_cfg.cpp.
- Extend utils to unsigned int, strings, hexstrings, etc.
- Can we avoid saving the unused parts of strings to TLV?  Descriptor could
  contain a ptr for a getLen fn, which is NULL in most cases, but the user could
  install strlen for strings.  If NULL, the default is to use the full length of the item
  from the descriptor.

- Having an ID in a counter descriptor is not needed, since it's not saved to TLV.
- Do we support counters that are not 4 bytes -- do both setCnt and getCnt handle it?
  
- Provide context-sensitive help in a way that could be used for "tabbing out" input strings.
  Step 1: respond to inputs without a carriage return.
- Strategy for making fewer methods public: do we need friends, or interface classes...
- Make C-friendly: a C-friendly wrapper?
- Verify ROM-ability of meta-data, which is const.
  An easy way to achieve ROMability would be to place the things we want in
  ROM, in plain old structs, which we make const and init at compile-time.  This would probably
  only mean we'd have one additional level of indirection, but few other negative effects.
  Probably my classes derived from cm_item_descriptor, although all data
  is const, are no ROMable, since they are derived classes, with constructors, etc.
  Possibly ROMable classes are easier to identify than I thought -- they 
  can be initialized like C structures: struct x = {};
  what data is allocated to which memory address ranges.
- Use of c99 types in stdint.h, e.g. uint8_t, uint_fast8_t, uint_least8_t
- Should I be using malloc, or new?
- Generate from XML descriptors
- Is there superfluous info in the TLV files?  At least for simple types, if I know the type
  I already know the length.  What do we do if a simple item's size is not what's expected?
  We should just discard it: At least for big-endian systems, correct truncation would depend 
  on knowing if the item is an integer or a character array (string or hex string)
- Test for memory leaks.  How?
- Set more than one component of a composite in a single command?
- Display members of an array by giving array name without index
- An example of a bitmap item, just to show how the set and prt functions look
- The XML file is generated not by hand, but by a graphical tool that shows the relationships
  between the data (OWNED and CONTAINED relationships).  
- XML schema
- tlv classes have no data members, so nothing specific to
  a configurable item, hence we don't need an instance per
  configurable item.  Why not give item's a pointer, init'd
  at compile time, to a static instance?
- Separation between TLV and its client: one of the goals is that we could easily
  substitute another way of saving the data, other than TLV.  The most obvious 
  alternative is to save the data in text format, exactly the same format that
  we print to the console.
  What's the problem we're trying to solve here?  Tight coupling between TLV
  and client in saving and loading NVRAM.  Specifically, while writing, TLV
  module recurses through client data structures, which means it has to know
  a lot about the client: cm_descriptor::getAggrCount() is a public method, and
  so are cm_descriptor::getAggrAtIndex(i), cm_aggregate::getCount(pItem), 
  cm_descriptor::writeTlv, cm_aggregate::getItemAtIndex, etc. 
  Preferably we should have more modules, instead of the current 2 (client and TLV):
  1. client
  2. formatter, that knows TLV or other data format to be stored to NVRAM
  3. NVRAM, that knows how to read, write and skip through a file.
  4. Perhaps abstraction of file access at the lowest level, if only to simplify unit
     testing.

  Achieving greater isolation for loading is possible:
  TLV says: I have data with this ID and this size: give me the memory to write 
  it to.  Client function returns memory (for simple items) or an indication to 
  read more (for composite items).  TLV has to indicate changes in context to
  the client: when it reaches the end of a composite, it has to indicate this
  to the client somehow -- the client can't interpret IDs without knowing
  which composite they belong to.
  For writing:
  The client, knowing nothing of TLV formats, can't give L to the TLV module.
  So it gives the type (the ID), then:
    o For a simple item, the length and the value
    o For a composite item, another v
    o When a composite type is complete, i.e. sub-items have been given,
      the client has to indicate that it's popping up a number of levels.
      Probably the easiest way is to issue one or more "composite complete"
      instructions to the TLV module.  At this point, the TLV module can fill
      in the L in the TLV.
  This means TLV has to maintain a stack of incomplete composites (composites
  for which it has yet to write the L field).  We'll probably want to allocate
  this stack at compile-time, meaning the maximum nesting-depth of composites
  is fixed at compile-time -- not a great drawback.
  Also, if we want to allocate a block of RAM to save the data to, we'll have
  to choose a size to allocate and then re-allocate a larger block if necessary.
